Working [ Kinda ]
- Grid division
- Call placement
- Ambulance placement
- HC placement
Not working [AT ALL]
- Wasn't creating instance for each object properly
- Wasn't giving a list of calls per slot from historical data
- Wasn't giving list of ambulances

I need oni this much
the things that happen, I made a flow

So, constants, like number of episodes, how long time slot is, all that stuff
Grid divided 
For i in episode?[till max number]
    list of EVs for that day I need here - they'll have attributes such as location, which grid, what's their id, all that stuff
    Then 
    For clock>0  till less than max clock[time slots]
        list of Incidents per time slot
        Now, each of these objects - the grid, the EVs, the incidents, need to have instances right? Cause there's multiple of them? Neat. Each instance is like in EVs, there's multiple EVs so every EV should have attributes that we set at the be 
        Here - The grid incidents get set, number of EVs in the grid (which all EV) and the number of instances in the grid (which all instance)
        
        
        so each EV has attributes - id, location, grid index, next grid, state, status, assigned patient, aggregate idle time, aggregate idling energy, and then one dictionary which saves the state, action and reward as well as next state of the EV
        grid - index, the number of incidents [I expect the incidents themselves to be here], the vehicles, the hospitals, the neighbours of the grid
        I want to create a file that has functions, that does and if I call it, in another file, I should be able to get what I want.
        I wanted to make one file that had the object definitions in it

Issued address
complexity
solving the problem
metrics

Algorithmic complexity
Legends -> Proposed work, comparing work, random allocation. 
Let EMVs take their own decisions in a distributed manner
The problem of choosing a HC is taken 
Connecting lines in literature survey
All author names to be there in references

According to environment change -> Update constraints
No more talking about about spatio temporal changes in reformulation
System level repositioning decisions ->Algo 1

Algo after describing
Require, Ensure - Input, Ouput
yigt = 0 for all EVs

Reward -> remove the constraint thingy.
Write objective of idle EMV, then P1(i) -> P for every vehicle I
s upperscript 1, 2
similar for a and R
Both DQN same structure -> Q described only once
Equation 4.5 can be written as recursive equation -> Bellman equation

Solution methodology -> Training Algorithm for the DRL model 

Algorithm 2 - System level dispatch decisions

Output for algo dispatch is xikt
For all i,k pair -> Utility total -[5x10] -> choose max value, remove row and column.
Find args max of utility, remove arg max till arg max no longer exists
load at HC time varying. Travel time to destination also varying.
Use the word in the heading. Especially in the first sentence. 
DRL-> Neural network model 
Chapter - Training DQN model
Algorithm 3 - Solving the proposed IMTS problem, Finding the optimal rep, dis, navigation decisions
Put a few lines before algo
Speak about DQN -> properly - > Hidden layers and stuff
Loss function - Mean squared Loss
Solution method to solve the MDP and we're solving it through DQN - > Reference,
Rewritten the parameters for both busy and idle -> theta 1, theta 2.

Where we use model to generate experiences, use experiences to train model.
The following notations are used. In order to train-> Replay buffer
We need reference models to calculate error -> Target network
Loss functions, how parameters are set, all equations then algo
l -> samples
m -> idle or busy.
s_l, rl, al, and prime for next state. em for error[error between the DQN, sample error, contribution of loss due to sample n] -> Not temporal error
In algo - Calculate reward according to equation. After all calculations, Aggreggate rewards over all vehicles, in timeslot, what was the sample objective function value. Plot overall objective converging. 